hello my name is Brendan Cole and this
is my top Samba tips tip number one
rhythm somber changes with them all the
time and that's what gives the dance
have a great flavor if everything's the
one living it tends to get a little bit
boring little bit dull and the judges
are gonna criticize you you've got to
change the rhythm from quick quick slow
two ups and downs it goes from bouncing
to flet all these things make it sound
but incredibly exciting if you can do
that for some spending time tip number
two you've got to use your feet and legs
feet and legs are imperative the heel
doesn't hit the ground hard it hits
slowly you cushion the landing every
step you take will have amount of
netflixing kills lowering slow to the
floor generally the dance is done on the
ball of the foot everything is soft
cushioned and that's how you create this
lovely flowing action tip number three
don't be mistaking some before this
elusive partied unfavourably talks about
it's about technique it's about knowing
your dance and putting rotation in to
create movement when you know your
technique you create the dance rather
than just shaking your hips doing your
little bit shimmies here and there and
everywhere the compression of the legs
hip rotation to move you from foot to
foot that's what creates this carnival
like dance it's not about party and let
yourself go it's about control it's
about tone and it's about doing
everything to within an inch of its life
that's my three top summer tips have a
go yourself good luck you're going to
need it